---
title: 'D’artagnan on the Coronavirus Part 2'
location: 'D’artagnan the guide dog’s Column'
---
D’artagnan the guide dog here.  Well there is little else to write about these days than the new ‘Big C’:  COVID-19
I have had a lot of emails to my ‘Hey D’artagnan’ mailbox from dogs and cats in the village and the neighbourhood. So, this month I share a sample of these. One common theme that has emerged is that humans are using their dogs as an excuse to evade the ‘stay home’ rule. My friend Millie from down the road writes, “Hey D’Artagnan. Everything is crazy in our house. People used to go out and leave me to have a good nap occasionally, but now they are home all the time, and when they do go out, I 	 go too! Don't get me wrong, you know I like a walk as much as any dog, but I am feeling the pressure of 3 long walks a day sometimes. I believe the humans think they will get in trouble if I don't go out with them, so I am doing my bit.”
And my other friend Alice in Ashbury wrote, “Hey D’artagnan.  My primary task is to sit on the box in our front room looking out the window and barking at dogs as they pass by. Well, in the last couple of weeks the number of dogs passing has trebled – and it’s not only the usual mornings and evenings – it’s all day, I’m struggling to keep up, and you know what? I don’t recognise most of them – nope, in my 12 or so years at the window I’ve never seen them. I heard humans can make dogs on computers – I think that’s what some of these must be just so their owners can go out – but with that social distancing business I can’t get close enough to find out for sure.”
As for my little friend Maggie who normally plays with me during my free run exercises at Trinity Grammar (now on hold due to that big C thing), her mum Sue wrote, “Hey D’artagnan. Maggie can't write back because she is still cleaning the mud out of her paws from her little digging escapade last night!  She is in disgrace and is banned from using technology for a week, so I will have to write on her behalf. Each morning and evening now, both Greg and I accompany her on her walk, which she loves.” 
Well, okay, Maggie may enjoy those walks, but it’s a little suss that she was not allowed to write to me herself just for getting muddy paws!
Poogie from Rylstone could not figure out why the fuss over toilet paper. He wrote “Hey D’artagnan. A nice patch of green grass on the nature strip, a good scratch and no need for toilet paper!”
Buddy in the meantime wants Coles and Woolworths to extend their priority home delivery service to dogs and writes “250 dog chews any brand will do. Oh! I also want a cooked chicken, shredded please, haven’t got many teeth left to chew on a bone. Woof woof from your friend Buddy”.
Tidda the cat from Alexandria has discovered Zoom and writes “Hey D’artagnan. Just thought I would let you know how much I am enjoying my human being home and spending so much time on some magic called Zoom. It means that I, as a magnificent black long-haired cat, can preen in front of the screen when she is talking to others. I love seeing myself so admired. Tidda”
And I saw that! Mum was on Zoom the other night with Tidda’s mum and I saw a long black tail flashing on mum’s screen! Very cool!
Dictated by D’artagnan and typed by Gisele. Write to ‘Hey D’artagnan ‘ care of giselemesnage@bigpond.com