---
from: 'Nancy'
---

Dear D’artagnan, I heard the news from Auntie Pam (who- wanted- to- come- to- your- party- but -they- wouldn't- let -her- leave -the hospital- to- her absolute- dismay).  She told Nancy to check that you had your bow tie on ,and you did, phew.  I'm so so glad we had your party before you left us.  You seemed pretty healthy to me at the party , but what does a finger know ?  Well, I knew you wanted the cucumber sandwich I was holding because you tried to take a little bite out of it.  I didn't know you liked cucumber sandwiches. Then again , if you fancied frozen brussels sprouts, that makes sense.  When I gently pushed you away, you kindly upset a huge glass of water over Mum-Nancy's feet, making Milly's Joe laugh and laugh.  Milly's Adele offered me another cucumber sandwich but Nancy said no, a bit of your slobber didn't bother her, although the sandwich disappeared into a serviette I noticed. Hmmmm.  

Talking about Milly , she and you had a lot in common.  At Yeo Park, Mill used to saunter up behind Nancy and place her nose gently in the cupped palm of her right hand. You see ,Nancy feeds the maggies at that park ,and boy did Milly ever know that fact since her sense of smell , like yours ,was  a billion times better that Nancy's, and the trace of mince on me attracts every single dog in the park , not just Milly . You and Milly were way gentler than some of those dogs, I must say...   

 Often, at the corner of Seaview and Victoria Streets, around seven A.M., I'd see you and your Mum going walkies and poopies.  You would look longingly at me but being the good guide dog that you were , would never try and cross the street even when the smell of mince on me probably was driving you mad. You'd just stand there , looking, and Gisele would be wondering why on earth you didn't want to continue your walk. Then Nancy would yell :  "bonjour Gisele , c'est moi, Nancy, ici " and then she'd explain that you could probably smell the mince on me from " way over here".    Nancy would then cross over and give you a scratch behind an ear which probably drove you even madder because you could then smell mince behind that ear and couldn't get at it to lick,  silly Nancy.  

Well, I'm glad you are with Milly now, and your Mum doesn't have to worry about who will take the best care of you when you would have had to leave her soon.  You know , I think you might have planned it that way , but then again, what would a finger know, eh?    

I happily thought I saw Milly this morning , but then knew I was mistaken . I'll keep seeing  you too, but that is normal and OK.  It makes me sad, but that too is normal and OK .  I miss you both, you especially . 

  So, bye bye dear D'artagnan , from Nancy's right hand index finger.   Sniff, but that's OK too.   