---
title: The Sleeping arrangements
author: Gisele
---

Before D’artagnan came to live with me back in September 2011, I had set up his trampoline night bed in a corner of my bedroom, where it would not be a trip hazard. For the first 3 nights after he came, he went to his bed with no fuss. On the fourth night however, he refused to get into his bed at night-time. “Come on. Off to bed,” I prompted. But D’artagnan sat in a spot between my bed and a clothes cupboard and just ignored my cajoles. After about 30 minutes of this stand-off, I figured out that maybe he wanted me to move his bed to where he was sitting. So, here I was, sometime after 10pm, emptying the clothes cupboard onto my bed. On my bed there now was a pile of clothes and all the music boxes and other trinkets that lived on top of the cupboard. Then I moved his bed from its corner and had to find a spot in my small bedroom to put it aside. Then get a broom and dustpan and sweep the corner where his bed had stood. And now, I had to move by myself the heavy wooden cupboard, inch by inch, to the corner where his bed had stood. Then of course sweep the corner where the cupboard had been. D’artagnan watched the whole operation impassively. Then I put his trampoline bed in the new spot, put all is bedding on top, all nicely made up and cosy. He gingerly came over, stepped onto his bed, twisted himself into a sleeping position, looked up as much as to say, “Thanks, mum. We’re good now.” Then he put his head down and dozed off to sleep. It was now after 11pm and I had to fold all the clothes back into the cupboard, now standing in that other corner. Then put all the music boxes etc on top of the cupboard. And now I could also get some sleep. 