---
title: The wrong right turn
author: Gisele
---

When a guide dog and their handler learn a new route, a guide dog’s instructor will scout beforehand for the safest route to get from A to B. And so it was that in the early days of D’artagnan and I training together, our instructor Ray had mapped the best route for us to go from my home to Ashfield Train Station. The first couple of times we did the route, Ray walked by our side and D’artagnan followed the movement and got a treat and “good boy” praises when we arrived at Ashfield Station. The third time D’artagnan and I walked ahead, and the ever-watchful instructor Ray walked behind us. So, we set off and walked towards the first street, slightly veered right and then crossed over and then kept going in the same direction. I knew we had to turn right along the way. D’artagnan turned right and I said, “good boy” and kept going. Then I knew we had to cross another street, which we did, so another “good boy”. And then I knew we were supposed to keep going straight along that street. But here we were in front of a house blocking our path of travel. I stopped, baffled. Ray came from behind and tapped me on the shoulder, “Do you know where you are?” he asked. “No” I replied. “Well, work it out” says Ray in his usual humorous way. So, in my mind I retrace our steps in quick motion: up the street, cross, same direction, turn right…”Ah, we turned right too early. We should have crossed one more street and then turned right at the next turnoff ,” I said triumphantly. “Are you sure?” the inimitable Ray asked me . “No,” I reply meekly, uncertainty in my voice. Then I looked hopelessly down towards D’artagnan, who flopped down on the ground. “Find the way,” I said in my most authoritative (read “desperate”) voice. Well, D’artagnan stood up and walked confidently toward the next corner, tail wagging, and turned right at the next turn off. “Follow your dog” I heard Ray call out from behind. I did, and we got to the station, D’artagnan got a treat and a “good boy,” and I am sure he looked pretty smug. And from that day on and for the next 10 years we always took that same first wrong right turn that D’artagnan had decided was a better way to get to the station.