---
title: The 24 Arancini’s
author: Gisele
---

The anecdote of the 24 arancini’s will also feature in D’artagnan’s stories in his own words, and no doubt will also be shared by other contributors to this tribute website. But here is my own recollection of what happened.

We had been invited for a get-together with other friends at a friend’s place, and each of us were meant to bring a traditional dish from our culture. I would have brought two dozen escargots, but they are fiddly to prepare. So, I thought, “Oh well, Italy is close enough to France and my mother was from Corsica, so I will bring two dozen arancini’s. I got them ready, packed them up in a foil tray and in a plastic bag, and off we went to the party with a support worker named Layla. When we got there, Layla dropped me and D'artagnan off at a park while she went to find parking. I put my plastic bag down while we were standing there waiting for her. I heard a rustling noise and I thought, “Isn’t it a lovely day, the breeze rustling through the trees.” Then the rustling noise got louder and sounded, uh, like plastic. I put my hand down to pick up my bag and I felt D’artagnan’s head, bobbing up and down inside the plastic bag. I roused on him, which brought a young woman, a perfect stranger, to my side, asking me if everything was okay. “No,” I told her, “I think my guide dog is eating the food I am taking to a party.” She looked down at the plastic bag and brought out an empty foil tray. “Uh,” she asked, “what did you bring?.” “24 arancini’s”, I replied. “Are there any left?.” “I’m afraid not, “ she said. When we got to the party, D’artagnan played the innocent, and no-one believed me. And when I took him to his vet and told him what had happened, the vet said “D’artagnan, you are a legend!.” And that is the true version of this anecdote and also of how this website has the tagline “D’artagnan the Guide dog: What a legend.”