---
title: Memories from across the miles
author: Leah in the UK
---

I first met D'Artagnan in mid-2014 when working on Gisele's case against two major supermarkets. When Gisele came to meet with her legal team, I volunteered to take D'Artagnan out for breaks and gave him sneaky rubs behind the ears under the desk. Having grown up with a Labrador retriever, I knew what fun they could be and how bored they might get of drafting legal documents. We ended up having all kinds of adventures. One of our first was shopping in Chatswood. He was a very good boy following us to all the shops to find his Mum some blouses. We also went to the theatre in North Sydney to see the play Educating Rita and to Opera in The Domain with Gisele's friends from university. I will never forget pausing with Gisele to consider whether it would be appropriate to purchase a dog-shaped cake I had seen in a bakery for D'Artagnan's 5th birthday knowing that he would be partaking in its consumption! The biggest adventure was perhaps when we went to Federal Parliament in Canberra in November 2015 to advocate for concrete digital accessibility standards. D'Artagnan Mesnage was rightfully listed on the website as a team member. While Gisele gave her speech - which involved a smooth and crunchy peanut butter analogy for soft and hard law - D'Artagnan sat with me in the front row listening, no doubt with much pride and affection for his Mum. I will miss D'Artagnan. Despite his occasionally mischievous frolics, he had courage, intelligence, determination (especially around food) and bucket-loads of love to give.