---
title: Hot Potato, Hot Potato 2
author: Pam next door
---

Whenever I made home-cooked hot chips, I would share a few with Gisele and D’artagnan next door and also my other neighbour, Maree. So, one night I knocked on Gisele’s door and handed over their hot chips wrapped in grease proof paper and then made my way to Maree’s door with another bag of hot chips. But when Maree opened her door , I stumbled backward, and I fell on my bottom. D’artagnan and gisele came to see if they could help. I could not get up, so Gisele went to call an ambulance. D’artagnan saw that I had dropped Maree’s hot chips on the ground, and he thought , “Oh, can’t let those chis get cold”. But the only way he could get to the hot chips lying on the ground was to climb over me. So here he was, not minding me and digging his paws into my poor thighs as he climbed over me. He devoured the hot chips and then climbed over me again, with me saying , “get off me you big lump of lard”. Then Gisele came back to say that an ambulance was on its way. I told Gisele what D’artagnan had done so she took him back inside their place. When the ambulance officers arrived, I also told them what D’artagnan had done. They examined me and assisted me up and The woman officer stayed with me, but the man ambulance officer disappeared. “Where is your mate?”, I asked the woman ambulance officer. “He’s gone to check on the dog,” she replied matter-of fact. “The dog?,” I replied. “There’s nothing wrong with the dog. What about me?”. Later Gisele told me the ambulance officer had come over to check if D’artagnan had not burnt his tongue on the hot chips and had given him soothing pats. I couldn’t believe it!
