---
title: Oh, I get it
author: Gisele
---

It had been raining for many days and we had not been able to go out. As soon as it fined up I harnessed D’artagnan and off we went for a walk to the shops. Half-way there, though, I heard the noised of heavy construction equipment ahead and D’artagnan stopped as our path was blocked by a barrier. Normally there are traffic controllers at such roadworks, but no one appeared. “Find a way ,” I said to D’artagnan , thinking there may be a detour path around the obstacle. However, he headed for the curb of the footpath, and I realised he was waiting to cross the road so this meant there was no detour. I called out but the noise from the machinery was too loud and no one came to us. It was a busy road with heavy traffic, and it was not safe to attempt a crossing or even walking around the machinery. So, I decided we should turn around and go around the block. But D’artagnan must have thought we were heading back home, and he wasn’t having that because this was our first outing in many days. So, he obstinately dug his paws in and would not move. I tugged on his leash and got him moving and kept asking him to “find left”. He dragged his paws an inch at the time , still thinking we were heading home. So, I said, “NO , not home, go around the block. “Find left”. Suddenly it seemed he “got it” and he started moving briskly and he found the left turn an again left at the end of that street and left again until we arrived at the road crossing where we usually crossed over to continue on to the shops. He was dancing on the spot and his tail was wagging, happy that we were not headed home and that he had figured out the way around the obstacle.
