---
title: The master’s voice
author: Gisele
---

On our route walking to Ashfield station, we passed a house on the other side of the road where two little dogs would always come out of their gate, run across the road and encircle us barking furiously. They made so much noise I thought there were four dogs, and they would come at us and get into my feet and his paws, and it was quite a scary experience. So, I phoned my guide dog instructor , Ray, dog expert extraordinaire. Before we set off with Ray following to observe the situation, Ray cautioned me, “Do not raise your voice at the little dogs because D’artagnan will think you are scolding him”. So okay, we set off and a few streets further on we reached the little dog’s house… and on cue the little dogs came out barking and ran across the road and encircled us and got into our feet. Ray asked me to stop, and I did. Then I heard Ray raise his voice and enunciate every word slowly “Go home you little mongrels. Come on, beat it, get lost”. The two little dogs darted back across the road, whimpering. The commotion was such, their owner came out of the house and so did a few neighbours in the street, including residents and staff of the nursing home on our side of the footpath. Ray had words with the dog’s owner, who I must say was very civil an apologised. Afterwards I said to Ray, “You told me I should not raise my voice because D’artagnan would think I was scolding him. But you….”. “Hah”, said Ray, but it’s all in the tone. D’artagnan knew I was not talking to him”. In fact, D’artagnan had lied down on the footpath observing the whole situation and probably thinking, “Well those two won’t bother us again”. And they didn’t.
