---
title: You can’t fool me
author: Gisele
---

The toileting facilities for assistant dogs initiative came out of a long campaign and I believe was subject to much consultation...but perhaps not too much consultation with the intended users, the dogs.
In 2020 BC (before Covid) I flew from Sydney to Perth with my guide dog
D'artagnan.  
So, we are at Sydney Airport waiting for our flight and I decide to take D'artagnan to the new assistant dog toilets so he can relieve himself before the long flight. My friend and I make our way to the toilet door, and we step inside with D'artagnan. I tell D'artagnan , "go pipi". D'artagnan looks around at the surroundings. In front there is a space the size of a large shower cubicle with fake grass. To one side there is a fake red fire hydrant. To the other side there is a hose attached to a water tap to clean the toilet after the dog has done its business.
But D'artagnan is obviously not impressed with this state-of- the art facility. "Come on, pipi," I repeat, dragging him towards the fake grass.
"NO", I am sure he is saying, "No way". I tap the fake fire hydrant.
"Look," I say, Pipi!".
"humph", says D'artagnan, "it's fake."
I take a treat out of my pocket and toss it on the fake grass, "Come on, pipi" I insist, knowing we have a long flight ahead and departure time is
approaching. D'artagnan does an about turn, stands firmly with his head
towards the closed toilet door and resolutely refuses to use the toilet. My friend opens the door and D'artagnan pulls us towards the opened airport doors, heads outside and we walk some distance to real grass where he does his pipi and then we run back towards the airport terminal, and we hear my name being called over the PA to come to gate whatever.... on returning to Sydney, I tried again to get D'artagnan to use the artificial dog toilets, but he did the same about turn and refused to go, even though he was busting to go.
