---
title: The paw is quicker than the eye
author: Dr Barry Den, as told by D’artagnan
---

I came to know Ashfield Eye Clinic, including the desk staff, Monica and Dr Den in 2012. After my first visit, I remembered the way there, heading off at Gisele’s request. I would rest my head on one paw and snooze, half awaking with each sound or new exciting smell. And there were quite a few in that waiting room. Some of the other patients would lavish me with attention, which I relished.
Finally, we were invited into the inner sanctum of the consulting rooms, first with Monica and then Dr Den. The very first visit was daunting. There were machines and microscopes on rotating tables, strange lights and beeps. The room lights would go on and off in a random agogic pattern. (I have no idea what agogic means, but I like the word.) It seems that eye doctors have a strange relation to light.
On the first occasion, I was determined to protect Gisele. I ferreted around under the desk, found the computer, and tipped it over. It wasn’t too difficult. Gisele apologised on my behalf and Dr Den accepted the apology. Neither of them realised that this was no accident. Dr Den promised me an introductory pat if I desisted from that behaviour in future. Fortunately for him, dogs are fast learners.
I did have difficulty remembering the names of all the eye drops, although I performed well finding the pharmacy. I always had a great sense of pride about my duties on those days. What a great vocation to be a guide and companion.
P.S from Gisele: I remember that day well. When D’artagnan and I emerged into the waiting room after I had collected my backpack from Dr Den’s consultation rooms, the ladies at the reception desk and all the patients in the waiting room were laughing heartily. I guessed that Dr Den had told them what D’artagnan had done. And Dr Den went home and related the story to the children in his family, apparently to their great amusement. And The story must have spread further afield because when I visited the X-Ray clinic down the road a few days later, the radiologist said, “keep that dog away from my machines!”
